Important note for #874 (#3626)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/privacy/manage-connections-from-windows-operating-system-components-to-microsoft-services.md

- Right-click the app in Start, and then click **Uninstall**.

  -or-
>[!IMPORTANT]

> > If you have any issue with this commands, go ahead a do a system reboot,and try the scripts again.

Reviewer: You need to either use **`these commands`** (plural) or **`this command`** (singular)
(I don't know if the note refers to many commands or just one command.)
("this commands" turns "commands" into a verb, like in "This commands us to do something else.)

Author: Agree lol it's plural there

> > If you have any issue with these commands, go ahead a do a system reboot, and try the scripts again.

Reviewer: After re-reading the text (after the correction), I think it will be better to simplify the sentence like this:
```suggestion
> If you have any issues with these commands, do a system reboot and try the scripts again.
```
